ROX-12391: Revisit public docs about Central/Sensor compatibility (#52881)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/install-acs-operator.adoc

If you choose automatic updates, when a new version of the Operator is available, Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) automatically upgrades the running instance of your Operator.
+
If you choose manual updates, when a newer version of the Operator is available, OLM creates an update request. As a cluster administrator, you must then manually approve that update request to update the Operator to the new version.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
If you choose manual updates, it is recommended to update ACS Operator in all

> secured clusters consistently with the ACS Operator in the central cluster. This way the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
secured clusters when you update the {product-title-short} Operator in the cluster where Central is installed. The
```

> secured clusters will have the same version as central which ensures the optimal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
secured clusters and the cluster where Central is installed should have the same version to ensure optimal
```

+
If you choose manual updates, when a newer version of the Operator is available, OLM creates an update request. As a cluster administrator, you must then manually approve that update request to update the Operator to the new version.

> 

Reviewer 2: I am not a big expert in AsciiDoc, but I think you may need to replace this empty line with the `+` sign in order to make the `[IMPORTANT]` fragment render at the same level of indentation as the sublist item and not break the outer list numbering.
Check how it currently renders in https://github.com/jschnath/openshift-docs/blob/rhacs-docs/modules/install-acs-operator.adoc

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/537715/202541027-3737395e-a287-41fe-a6d8-167342098a8e.png)

```suggestion
+
```

If this doesn't work, I'd suggest you to check the official docs how to make that look nice.

Reviewer: This should work to keep the note in line with the previous step.

Author: I personally prefer not to indent banner blocks, but I'll do it if that's our style.

Reviewer 2: The numbering is now consistent.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/537715/202672461-98b3645c-3040-4326-ba75-4b0eb1302548.png)
